[ADD] partner_customer_supplier: Easily set up a partner as a customer or supplier (#1279)
OCA/partner-contact: partner_customer_supplier/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module restores the functionality of <= 12.0 to set contacts as customer or

> supplier, and allows users to create custom filters more user-friendly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vendor, and allows users to create custom filters on a more user-friendly manner.
```
